README.md, before:

# 🧮 C++ Calculator

A simple **console-based calculator** written in **C++**.  
It takes two numbers as input, validates them, and performs basic arithmetic operations using a `switch` statement.

---

## ⚙️ Features
- ✅ Input validation with `std::stod` and exception handling.  
- ➕ Addition  
- ➖ Subtraction  
- ✖️ Multiplication  
- ➗ Division (handles division by zero gracefully)  
- 🖥️ Simple console interface  
- 🏃 Option to type `exit` at any point to quit the calculator  
- 🔁  Loops to allow multiple calculations without restarting the program  
- ⬇️ Converts user input for exit/yes/no commands to lowercase (input is case-insensitive)
- ✅ Added arithmetic functions (add, subtract, multiply, divide)
- ✅ Added input vaidation and operation functions

---

## 🚀 How to compile and run
💡 **Note:** Make sure you have a C++ compiler installed (e.g., g++).

1. git clone https://github.com/GhostByte26/cpp-calculator.git
2.Compile the code: Make sure you have g++ installed.
g++ -o calculator calculator.cpp
3.Run the program:
Windows:calculator
bash: ./calculator.exe
Linux/macOS:./calculator
4.Usage:
Enter the first number.
Enter the second number.
Enter an operator: +, -, *, or /.
View the result.
When prompted to continue, type yes or no.
Type exit at any input to quit the program.

Commit message:

Added exponent and square root operations, updated README

README.md, after:

# 🧮 C++ Calculator

A simple **console-based calculator** written in **C++**.  
It takes user input, validates it, and performs arithmetic operations using modular functions and a switch statement.

---

## ⚙️ Features
- ✅ Input validation with `std::stod` and exception handling  
- ➕ Addition  
- ➖ Subtraction  
- ✖️ Multiplication  
- ➗ Division (handles division by zero gracefully)  
- 🔺 Exponentiation (`^`)  
- 🟰 Square root (`r`) — only accepts non-negative numbers  
- 🖥️ Simple console interface  
- 🏃 Option to type `exit` at any point to quit  
- 🔁 Loops for multiple calculations without restarting  
- ⬇️ Case-insensitive input for `exit`, `yes`, `no`  

---
## 🚀 How to Compile and Run

💡 **Note:** Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed (e.g., g++).

1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/GhostByte26/cpp-calculator.git

2. Compile the code:

3. Run the program:
Linux/macOS

./calculator

Windows

calculator.exe
